docs: link to relevant Juju specific Pebble tips (#609)
canonical/pebble: docs/how-to/manage-a-remote-system.md

## See more

> You can also use the Pebble API to run commands and manage files. This is normally done using the Go or Python client libraries. For more information, see [How to use the Pebble API](/how-to/use-the-pebble-api). If your remote system is a Juju managed Kubernetes container, see [these tips](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/howto/manage-charms/#debug-a-k8s-charm-with-a-workload).

Reviewer: Couple of suggestions:

- I'd probably make the remote system part a separate paragraph, as it's a change of topic
- On Firefox, the link doesn't jump to the right place in the Juju doc :disappointed: 

How about these changes:

```suggestion
You can also use the Pebble API to run commands and manage files. This is normally done using the Go or Python client libraries. For more information, see [How to use the Pebble API](/how-to/use-the-pebble-api).

If your remote system is a Juju-managed Kubernetes container, see [Debug a charm > Tips and examples](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/howto/manage-charms/#debug-a-k8s-charm-with-a-workload) in the Juju docs.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the Pebble API to run commands and manage files. This is normally done using the Go or Python client libraries. For more information, see [How to use the Pebble API](/how-to/use-the-pebble-api).

If your remote system is a Juju-managed Kubernetes container, see the tips and examples in [Debug a charm > For a Kubernetes charm with a workload](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/howto/manage-charms/#debug-a-k8s-charm-with-a-workload).
```

Author: Thanks @dwilding, that's much better. I've updated the navigation hints per our discussion just now.
